Add RSN for `rapids-xgboost` removal (#814)
rapidsai/docs: _notices/rsn0062.md

---
layout: notice
parent: RAPIDS Support Notices
grand_parent: RAPIDS Notices
nav_exclude: true
notice_type: rsn
# Update meta-data for notice
notice_id: 62 # should match notice number
notice_pin: true # set to true to pin to notice page

title: "Sunsetting rapids-xgboost conda package after RAPIDS Release v26.10"
notice_author: RAPIDS TPM
notice_status: In Progress
notice_status_color: yellow
# 'notice_status' and 'notice_status_color' combinations:
#   "Proposal" - "blue"
#   "Completed" - "green"
#   "Review" - "purple"
#   "In Progress" - "yellow"
#   "Closed" - "red"
notice_topic: Platform Support Change
notice_rapids_version: "v26.10+"
notice_created: 2026-07-24
# 'notice_updated' should match 'notice_created' until an update is made
notice_updated: 2026-07-24
---

## Overview

Staring with RAPIDS `v26.10`, the `rapids-xgboost` conda package is deprecated and planned
for removal in RAPIDS `v26.12`. Deprecation warnings will begin in RAPIDS `v26.10`.

## Impact

User of `rapids-xgboost` will receive deprecation warnings beginning in RAPIDS

> `v26.10`. After removal, `rapids-xgboost` will no longer be present in the RAPIDS conda

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`v26.10`. After the 26.10 release, `rapids-xgboost` will no longer be published in the `rapidsai` conda
```
